OK, I see.
Mrs. Lu just called her wife back to the old house
Let's go
Back to the old house
Next week on the 28th.
You and Jin-Chi are going to go through the divorce formalities, right?
Is this what Jinchi means?
And does it matter?
You don't want a divorce
I want to live forever
Is the location of the young lady of Ba Lu's house?
Jiangnan, our Lu family raised you
That's kind and righteous.
You can't take revenge for kindness, can you?
Even Kyoike is not young
It's time for a progeny
Can you give birth to a healthy child for him?
Do you want me to be the heir of the Lu enterprise?
Born a ridiculed mute
The doctor said I wasn't born dumb
It's not heritable.
There is a high probability that the child born will be healthy
Very likely
How big is it, can you guarantee it?
Since there is no guarantee, who is willing to take the risk?
The sooner you get a divorce, the worse it is for your myopia
I'm getting a divorce.
Why don't I know?
What will happen to mom in the future?
Please tell me directly about the oral culture of Jiangnan
It's no use telling him
Don't be mad at you.
Ah we just chat
Look at the way you're nervous
He was joking.
What am I nervous about?
Come back into the pool
Then I'll tell the kitchen to order
It just so happens that our family has a meal
Oh, right.
What's up?
What's wrong with you?
What will happen to you in the future?
I'm fine.
I heard from the bodyguard
He brought you here from the hospital
What were you doing in the hospital?
Nothing, just a little upset stomach
gastrointestinal discomfort
Why don't you tell him?